okay that to you I want to know what it
is you think you will do now that
everything in the world you've ever
cared about has been taken away from you
I don't know dr. Leakey
tell me Terry do you think you'll work
as chambermaid at a motel on route 66
just like your mommy huh you're right
Marty
what are you thinking now are you paying
attention to me X special agent Starling
are you buying a chance trying to trace
my whereabouts I'm being followed dr.
Lecter I know I've seen them and now
you're in a real dilemma aren't you do
you continue to try to find me knowing
that you're leading them to me do you
have so much faith in your abilities
Clarice that you honestly believe you
could somehow simultaneously arrest me
and then it could get very messy the
race but the fish market hey Clarice
yeah what if I did it for you
did what humph them Perry's the ones who
have harmed you what if I make him
scream apology no I shouldn't even say
it because you'll feel with your perfect
grasp of right and wrong that you were
somehow accompanied don't help me no
cost forget I said it
hero Clarice you were very very warm you
were so close
and now you're getting colder again
yeah warm again well I think I've been
generous enough with you and the clothes
you're on your own now fairies dr.
Lecter
hope you like Larry's data